1. This set of Sushi Cards will take you through creating a to-do list web-app. If you'd like to see a finished version at any point, you can check mine out at [dojo.soy/js-todo](http://dojo.soy/js-todo). This app can be used to track whatever you want: cool programming tricks you want to learn, places to go, songs to listen to (or learn to play!), or something as simple as things to pick up at the shops.
2. To get started, download the zip file at [dojo.soy/a-js-files](http://dojo.soy/a-js-files) and extract the zip file into a folder on your computer. You're going to do all the work for this web-app there.
3. You're only going to need to worry about two of the files in the folder:
    * *index.html* — The web page your JavaScript will be running on, which you'll want to keep open in a browser so you can see your changes as you work. Don't forget — you'll need to refresh after you've saved!
    * *js/to-do.js* — The JavaScript file in which you'll be writing all your code.
    There's some *CSS* included too, to make the page look cool (and if you've done the *HTML/CSS* Sushi Cards, feel free to mess about with it), but you shouldn't **need** to change it or the version of *jQuery* that's included.
4. These are the **Advanced Sushi Cards**, so I'll sometimes tell you to do things without showing you how they're done. In those cases, they're almost always something that you can find in the **Beginner** or **Intermediate** JavaScript Sushi Cards.
5. You're also coming to the point where you know enough JavaScript to learn by searching for answers online and looking at example code there. While I don't make you do that at any point in these cards, I do point out a few things it might be cool to look up. You should check them out!
6. Once you've finished with these Sushi Cards, you should work with your Dojo's mentors on coming up with new projects that interest you. If you don't know it yet, you could also look at the **HTML/CSS Sushi Cards** to learn two more languages that work really well with JavaScript.
7. Good luck! Have fun!
