1. Before getting into the details of how your application is going to work, you should connect all the buttons up to "dummy" functions, to make testing them easier.  
  From the *Intermediate JavaScript Sushi Cards*, you will hopefully remember that a JavaScript *function* definition looks like this:
  ```JavaScript
  function newToDoItem(itemText, completed) {
      console.log("New item created: "+itemText+"  Completed state: "+completed);
  }
  ```

2. Almost all the *functions* you need are in the file already, though they don't do anything cool yet. They just send *console.log* messages telling you what *function* was called and what the values in the parameters were. Read through them to understand what's there.

3. There's one missing, that you need to add. Create a new function in *to-do.js* that:
    * Is called *toggleToDoItemState*
    * Accepts a parameter: *listItem*
    * When called, logs the message *"Toggling state of item "+itemId*

4. To connect things you're going to use *jQuery* (also from  the Intermediate Cards!). Add the following code at the end of *to-do.js*:
  ```JavaScript
  $(document).ready(function(){
      alert("Ready to go!");
  });
  ```
Now load *index.html* in your browser. You get an alert when the page loads. This is because when the *document* (index.html) was *ready* (loaded), the *function* above (which contained the *alert*) was run.
5. Now you need to tell JavaScript to *listen* for a *click* on the buttons, then do something. Each of the buttons on the page has a unique *ID*. You can use that *ID* to tell *JavaScript* what to listen to. Add the following code instead of the *alert* in the *document.ready function*:
    ```JavaScript
    $("#add-button").click(function(){
        addToDoItem();
    });
    ```
  Reload *index.html* and click the button that says *Add*. You should see a message in your *console*.
  Do the same for the other two buttons:

  * Connect *#clear-button* to *clearCompletedToDoItems*
  * Connect *#empty-button* to *emptyList*
