1. Right now, the to-do list on the page is just some HTML that I put in there so you'd have something to look at! Time to make it yours: Go into *index.html* and delete the four lines that start with *li* tags. If nothing's changed, they'll be lines 23–26. Then reload *index.html* in your browser. It looks a little empty, but you'll fix that soon!

2. Inside the *document.ready* function, call the *loadList* function. Reload *index.html* to check that it's being called. If you got the *alert* then you are all set!

3. Now you need to make the *loadList* function actually load a list! For now, it's going to be a sort of a "demo list". Later, I'll show you how to save a to-do list and load it when you re-open the page (though you will need to be online for that). So, change the contents of the *loadList function* to:
    ```JavaScript
    toDoItems = [
      {
        "text": "My",
        "completed": false
      },
      {
        "text": "to-do",
        "completed": true
      },
      {
        "text": "list",
        "completed": true
      }
    ];
    ```
4. You can see that these three items each have their *text* and their *completed* status tracked and that they're stored in an array. However, you still need to put them on the page. Time to get your JavaScript to write some HTML! Inside the *getToDoItemHTML* function, add this bit of code:
  ```JavaScript
  var itemHTML = $("<li>"+toDoItem.text+"</li>");
  if(toDoItem.completed === true){
    $(itemHTML).addClass("completed");
  }
  return itemHTML;
  ```
  It uses an *if* statement, which makes a *jQuery* object of HTML, then checks *if* the *toDoItem* is completed and, if so, adds the "completed" *class* to it, which will change its appearance in the browser as a result of the *CSS* in *style.css*.

5. Now you can create the HTML for a list item, you need to add it to the list. Add this to the *loadList function*, after the code from step 3:
    ```JavaScript
    toDoItems.forEach(function(toDoItem){
       var itemHTML = getToDoItemHTML(toDoItem);
       $(".todo-list").append(itemHTML);
    });
    ```
This code uses *forEach*, which goes through every item in an *array* and runs a *function* on it. In this case, that function is to get the HTML and *append* it to the to-do list, selected by its *class* name.
