1. Now you can load your to-do list and add items to it, but what's the point if you can't check them off when you've done them? Next up, you're going to do just that, and it'll be pretty easy. First, you need to connect double-clicking on a list item (*li* tag) to your *toggleToDoItemState* function. You can do this by having *jQuery* listen for double-clicking on *li* tags and running a function that calls your *toggleToDoItemState* function. It looks like this:
  ```JavaScript
  $(document).on("dblclick","li", function(){
      toggleToDoItemState(this);
  });
  ```
  What's happening here is:
    * jQuery is listening throughout the whole page for *dblclick* (double-clicking) on *li* (list item) tags.
    * When jQuery hears a double-click on a list item, it runs *toggleToDoItemState* and passes it *this*, which is a special *keyword*
    > ### So what's *this* all about?
        In JavaScript *this* is a *keyword*, a word with a special meaning. Exactly how it works varies depending on where it's used (you can learn more online — [dojo.soy/a-js-this](http://dojo.soy/a-js-this) but in this case it means *this* list item, the one that was double-clicked.

2. Next, you need to update your *toggleToDoItemState* function so it does two things:
    * Updates the array of to-do items
    * Adds the *completed* class to the item that was clicked
  First, update the array by replacing the code in *toggleToDoItemState* with this:

  ```JavaScript
  var itemId = $(listItem).index();
  toDoItems[itemId].completed = !toDoItems[itemId].completed;
  ```

  The first line uses jQuery to get the *index* of the *li* inside the ordered list (*ol*) tag that it is inside. The *index* is the number that indicates its position and, since computers count from 0, it will be one lower than the number shown on the web page.
  The second line looks up that item in the array (the *index* is the same as on the list, because we don't move the items around) and sets its *completed property* to the opposite of the current value. Putting *!* in front of a *true*/*false* value turns it into its opposite.

3. To change the class and give you a crossed-out item on the list, all you need to add is one more line at the end of *toggleToDoItemState*:

    ```JavaScript
    $(listItem).toggleClass("completed");
    ```
