1. If your user wants to empty their to-do list (say they've been playing with it and added a lot of stuff that's not real), you can let them do that. It's pretty easy actually! All you need to do is empty the to-do array in the JavaScript and the ordered list in the HTML. You can empty the array by updating the *emptyList* function to be the following:
```JavaScript
toDoItems = [];
```
Thats it! *toDoItems* is now an empty array!
2. Now, to empty the *ol* in the HTML isn't much trickier. Just add the following code into the end of your *emptyList* function:
```JavaScript
$(".todo-list").children().remove();
```
This tells jQuery to:
  * Select all tags with the class *todo-list*. In your case there's only one, the *ol*. Be careful using this if you've used the class in several places.
  * Then select all the *children* of that tag. That means every tag inside it, in this case all your *li* tags.
  * Then *remove* all the tags it's selected from the page.
3. Now, what about those crossed-out items? It's going to get very messy if you don't let users clean them up too. Start with removing the completed items from the array. Update *cleanupCompletedToDoItems* like this:
```JavaScript
toDoItems = toDoItems.filter(function(toDoItem){
  return !toDoItem.completed;
});
```
This code takes the *toDoItems* and runs a *filter* on them. Only *toDoItems* that return a *true* value from the filter function will pass and be in the new *array* that's created (which you just assign back into *toDoItems*). By taking the *completed* value of each *toDoItem* and making *true* turn into *false* and *false* turn into *true* with *!*, you get only those items that are not completed out.
4. Finally, remove the completed items from the list on the HTML page by adding one more line to your *cleanupCompletedToDoItems* function, like this:
```JavaScript
$(".todo-list").find(".completed").remove();
```
This does something very similar to the code in 2 above, except you don't select all the children of the *.todo-list*, you just *find* the ones with the *completed* class and *remove* them.
