1. This card will show you how to make *for* loops. These are important if you want to do something a certain number of times, or to everything on a list. You could use this to *print* out a countdown, or display all the messages in a chat conversation. This card has a few examples you can create as programs to try it for yourself.

2. This one will *print* out the numbers from 1 to 10. We do this using the *range* function, which gives us all the *integers* between the two we put into it. The first number is included, but it stops before reaching the last one.
    The name you use for the "current value" *variable* in a *for* loop doesn't strictly matter. When we're just counting like this, programmers often use the letter *i*, which is short for *integer*: the kind of number you're counting. Here, we've done something a little more fun.
    ```python
    for hamster in range(1,11)
        print(str(hamster))
    ```
    The way this loop works is:
     * At the start of the loop, take the first number that hasn't been used by the loop yet (on the first run through it'll be 1, then 2)
     * Store that number in a variable called *hamster*
     * For the rest of this run through the loop, *hamster* has that value
     * Once that run is finished, start the loop again, unless there are no more numbers
<!-- Can I do a graphic of a hamster on a wheel, carrying numbers, to represent this? -->
3. This one says hello to everyone named on a *list* of names. With the right code, you could use this to message everyone  you know!
    ```python
    for name in names
        print("Hi "+name+"!")
    ```
    The way this loop works is:
     * At the start of the loop, take the first name that hasn't been used by the loop yet
     * Store that name in a variable called *name*
     * For the rest of this run through the loop, *name* has that value
     * Once that run is finished, start the loop again, unless there are no more names
<!-- What about with two lists? -->
