1. So far, your programs have only taken input from users by asking them questions directly. You also haven't been able to save anything form one running of your program to the next. With this card, you can fix that! You can use files to *read* and *write* data into and out of your program, keeping things like those lists of favourite pets between uses of the program.
2. First, you're going to need a file to work with. Go to [dojo.soy/py-file](http://dojo.soy/py-file) and save the file there (or its contents) to the same location as your Python program.
3. Once the file is in place, you can read it into your program. Try this to read the contents of the file and print them out without changing them:
    ```python
    # Create a variable that holds the file.
    # The "r" means you will read from the file
    # You would use a "w" to write to it
    file = open("python-example.txt","r")
    file_text = file.read()
    print(file_text)
    ```
4. When writing out to a file you have two choices for how to do so:
 * Start a new file with that name (and delete any old ones) then write to it. This is standard *writing* and we use a *w* in the *open* *function*. You would do this if you wanted to either edit the existing contents of a file, or make a whole new one.
 * Find an existing file with that name (or create a new one if one doesn't exist) and write onto the end of it. This is called *appending* and we use an *a* in the *open* *function* to indicate it. This can be useful when you want to add to an existing record. For example, you could use it to keep a record of a chat conversation.
To get an idea of how this works, try both of them and open the *output-example.txt* file after each.  
**Write**
```python
file = open("output-example.txt","w")
# You can, of course, use a variable for the file name, or the output text
file.write("Hello everyone. Now I can write to files!")
```
**Append**
```python
file = open("output-example.txt","a")
# Note that the text starts with "\n".
# This makes sure that what you're appending starts on a new line.
# It's as though you hit the enter key wherever that appears in the text.
file.write("\nHello everyone. Now I can write to files!")
```
