1. So now you've learned about:
 * *lists*: Lists of variables that are easier to sort, order and loop over
 * *dictionaries*: A collection of variables with easy to access labels
 * *for* loops: Repeat some code a number of times, or on a list
 * *Functions*: Re-use your code, or someone else's
 * Files: Read from, write and append to a text file

2. Go to [dojo.soy/py-pal](http://dojo.soy/py-pal) and save the file there to your computer. You're going to write a program that:
     * *Reads* in the contents of the file you downloaded
     * Looks at whats on each line and checks *if* the line is what's called a **palindrome** (spelt the same backwards and forwards, ignoring punctuation like commas, periods, etc.) For example: "Taco Cat"
     * *Writes* the lines into two files: the lines that are palindromes and the lines that aren't

    You're going to need to know how to do a few new things. Try playing with each of them first, before putting them all together in your program.

3. Split a *file* into lines and, in this case, *print* them. The *rstrip("\r\n")* function removes the new line instructions at the end of each line.
     ```python
      my_file = open('py-pal.txt','r')
      file_lines = my_file.readlines()
      for line in file_lines:
        print(line.rstrip("\r\n"))
     ```
4. Make all the letters in a *string* the same *case* (lowercase or UPPERCASE), as Python does not see *a* and *A* as the same letter.
    ```python
      my_text = 'Hello EVERYone'
      lower_my_text = my_text.lower()
      upper_my_text = my_text.upper()
    ```
5. Check if a an item is, or is not, on a list
    ```python
    my_pets = ['cat','dog','rabbit']

    if('rabbit' in my_pets):
       print("I have a bunny!")

    if('snake' not in my_pets):
       print("I don't have a snake.")
    ```

6. Turn a *string* into a *list* of the *characters*  that make it up
    ```python
        my_string = "Hello world!"
        my_list = list(my_string)
    ```
7. Now, you have everything needed to solve this problem. It's a tough one though, so you can check with my solution at [dojo.soy/py2ans](http://dojo.soy/py2ans) if you get stuck. Once you're done, let us know at [dojo.soy/py-intermediate](http://dojo.soy/py-intermediate) what you thought!
