1. If you've finished the **Beginner** and **Intermediate HTML & CSS Sushi Cards**, then you already know a lot about how to write in those two languages. These cards are going to show you how to use all those pieces to put together a professional looking website, like the one you can see at [dojo.soy/a-html-fin](http://dojo.soy/a-html-fin).
2. Over the next few cards you'll see how to:
    * Lay out the skeleton of a website
    * Setup a simple page template
    * Build an animated menu for your site
    * Create an awesome looking header
    * Create a gallery of your coding projects
3. To start with, you'll need the skeleton of your website. Create a new *directory* called *advanced_site* to put your website in.

    Setup a couple of other *directories* inside that one:
    * *css* — Where you'll put your style sheets. Very useful to keep them organised if you have several of them for things like different themes, page-specific styles, etc.
    * *img* — Where you'll put any images you need to put on your website, like a logo, photos, or screenshots of your projects.
4. Then create a few files to work from:

  In the *advanced_site* directory (the *root directory* of your website) create empty files called:
    * *template.html* — The template page that you'll be copying into all the new pages you create.
    * *index.html* — The homepage of your website.
    * *projects.html* — The page you'll list all your coding projects on.
    * *about.html* — A page where you'll include a little information about yourself.

  In the *advanced_site/css* directory create an empty file called:
    * *style.css* — The CSS file you're going to put all your styles into.

  > ### Copying templates
      Copy-pasting template code is not the way professional web developers would do it, but you'll need to learn *JavaScript* or some other programming language like *Python* or *Ruby* before you can learn the even cooler way to do web page templates.

5. You've got all the files in place now. In the rest of the cards you'll be filling them with the code that makes up your website!
  Putting together a skeleton like this is a good way to start your big website projects.

  It helps you remember all the pieces you meant to include later, when you're deep into the code.
