1. ## Winning
    Most games have a *goal*: some way of winning and, usually, seeing a *"You Win!"* message on the screen. Without a *goal*, a *player* doesn't know when they're done and they never have the fun of knowing they've beaten the game.

    For example, in platform games (like **Mario** or **Rayman**) your *goal* is to reach the end of the stage. In other games your *goal* might be to collect the most points before time runs out, or before you lose all your health.  

    There are a few games with no clear built-in *goals*, like some versions of **Minecraft**. They instead offer a world where the *player* can explore and decide their own goals. These games are harder to build and harder to make fun for the *player*.
    > ### Start planning your game!
    Have you decided on a *game* you want to make? Then take a piece of paper (or a file on your computer) and write down the answers to these questions:
     *	Does your game have a *"You Win!"* screen?
     *	How does a *player* reach that *"You Win!"* screen?
     *	Is the *goal* of the game easy for the *player* to learn and understand?
     * Does the *player* know what they need to do to reach the *goal*?

2. ## Losing
    Most games also have a *"You Lose"* screen, when the *player* loses all their  health or fails to complete the *goal*. It might also be a *"Game Over"* or *"Time’s up"* screen depending on how you've decided your game works. Without a way of losing there is no risk for the *player*, no uncertainty in completing the *goal*.

    Decide what *resources*, like health, magic power, tools or fuel, that the *player* can use to complete the *goal*. A very easy way to add a losing condition is by adding a *time limit*.

    Other *"You Lose"* screens could be events: When the *player's* *character* falls down a pit, or when a customer in the *player's* restaurant loses her patience while waiting for her dish.

    In most games, if you start the game and do nothing, you eventually lose. This pushes the *player* forward and encourages them to do something, adding excitement.

    Also, you should decide how long a game will be. If a *stage* or *level* takes two hours to complete, it might be too long for a simple platform game. Be careful though: The *player* might not feel they've succeeded in anything if it only takes a couple of minutes to complete.
    > ### Update your plan!
    Get your plan out again and note down the answers to these questions:
     * What can cause the *player* to lose the game?
     * What can the *player* do to avoid losing?
     * What is the ideal game length, if the *player* plays well?
