1. ## Objects and variables
    Every game has pieces that combine with other pieces to create an experience. For example, a racing game might need cars, roads and scenery around the roads. It might even need a street, street lights, a sky, the sun or the moon and stars.    
    You need to decide on *objects* your player **can see** in the game world.
    You also need to decide everything your player **cannot see**. For example the car might have a current speed displayed on the game screen, or it might be hidden from the player. The game might have time running out, or an inventory where the player has or doesn’t have specific items. The player might have a certain amount of health.  
    Once you have defined everything your game needs, you will need to bring it into your game. *Objects* will be shapes or images that might have animation, unseen information will be *variables* that your game saves and makes calculations with.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these questions and answers:
     * What *objects* exist in the world I am building?
     * What unseen values (*variables*) exist in the world I am building?

2. ## Obstacles
    You have defined your game’s *goal* and what *objects* are in the game. It’s time to use the rest of the game’s components to create *obstacles* that make it harder to reach the *goal*. Without *obstacles*, the player can simply get straight to the *goal* with one button.  
    *Obstacles* can be moving, like enemies, or unmoving, like boxes to jump over. They can have a specific pattern of movement, for example up and down, or might be affected by the player, for example always moving towards the *character*.  
    Each *obstacle* should ideally be introduced in the game separately, so the player can learn how to face one thing at a time. Make early parts of the game easier by having fewer *obstacles* or having to face them less often. Later parts of the game can have more obstacles or combinations of different obstacles.  
    These obstacles are going to require skill from the players. They will have to figure out what they can do to get past them and what makes them *lose* the game. Then they will have to practice how to beat those *obstacles*, and through practice they’ll get better at facing them.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these questions and answers:
     * What is going to stop the player from *winning*?
     * How each of those *obstacles* behave in the game?
     * What can the player do to overcome the *obstacle*?
