1. ## Player Controls
    Every game has *controls* because games are interactive. Without controls you might be building a movie or an image.  
    You need to decide which components the player controls in the game and which they don't. For example the player may control a car, but not every car on the street.  
    Once you decide the actions the player can take, you need to decide the input that is linked to each action. You can use different hardware to input *controls*, for example a keyboard, a mouse, a gamepad, a smartphone’s motion detectors, even a camera.  
    The keyboard arrows could move your *character* around, the tilting right of the phone could steer your car to the right. You will need to define what each button or other *control* will do, if anything.
    For example, a platform game might have the character jump with *Space*, move left with *Left Arrow* and move right with *Right Arrow*.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these questions and answers:
     * What *objects* and *variables* does the player control?
     * What can they do with them?
     * Which *control* does each action?

2. ## Interactions
    A game has to have *interactions* between the components the player controls and the ones they do not control. Without *interactions*, the player is a ghost walking through walls and cannot change anything in order to achieve the game’s *goal*.  
    Decide what happens when two different *objects* meet. Maybe the *character* can push the brown box back but the black box is too heavy to move. Maybe an *object* changes, for example a balloon meeting a needle changes to a breaking balloon with a breaking sound then disappears. Maybe an enemy touching your character makes you lose health (a *variable*) and become invulnerable for two seconds.  
    There might be *interactions* between two *objects* that the player does not control. For example an enemy might be unable to jump or might fall down a pit if player lures him there.
    Try to make your *interactions* as natural as possible. When a needle meets a balloon, no one expects that the needle will explode.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with the following:
     * A list of all combinations of two *objects* that can happen your game and how they will *interact*
     * Each *interaction* might create an image or sound, change a *variable*, or have many effects. Note any changes to *objects* or *variables* that will happen as a result of interactions.
