1. ## Surprise
    A game should have *surprises* for the player, something new to discover or an *interaction* they haven't experienced in previous play-throughs. Without *surprise*, every challenge will be the same and the game will get boring fast.  
    *Surprise* comes from unpredictability. For example, a player who discovers an invisible block where he can jump and gain a bonus feels rewarded and satisfied.
    Try to hide little *secrets* in your game. Maybe there is a *secret* path to skip a difficult enemy or there is a strange *interaction* when two different enemies meet. Events like these are often called **"easter eggs"** because they are hidden and players hunt for them!
    Additionally, *surprise* also creates new challenges. If enemies appear in the same spot of the stage every time the player can learn to expect them, but if they appear in a random place the player will have to make a new decision every time.  
    If you want, add some *randomness* to your game. This means having the computer decide, at random, if or how something happens. *Randomness* adds to the game’s replay-ability and helps make the player’s experience more varied. It also ensures no two game sessions will be the same.
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these answers:
     *	What will *surprise* the player?
     *	What *secrets* can the player find in your game?
     *	Can your game get better if you add some *randomness*? Where? 

2. ## Fun
    A game should be *fun*. If the player is not having *fun* while playing they will quickly stop and never play again.  
    Different people enjoy different things. A game that one person likes might not be enjoyable to someone else. Some people prefer fast games with quick reactions, others prefer slower and more thoughtful games. Some people prefer immersive games where they forget the real world exists, others prefer a quick game between other activities. **You can’t design for all of them**, and that's ok. Instead, make something that you find *fun* and you think others might find *fun* too.  
    *Fun* comes from challenge. If a game is too easy it will bore the player, if it is too difficult it will frustrate the player. A player will enjoy it when they know they came very close to *losing* but by being clever and quick, they managed to *win* instead.  
    Once you've made a basic version, in order to find out if your game is *fun*, you need to *playtest* it: Ask a friend to try the game. Try to tell them **nothing** about the game until after they’ve finished playing.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these answers:
     * What makes the game *fun*?
     * Is the game too easy or too difficult?
     * Once it's ready: What do your *playtesters* tell you about the game?
