1. ## Theme
    A game should ideally have a *theme*. Without it, players cannot connect emotionally and might have trouble remembering things.  
    For example, chess is a game where you move black and white pieces. If pieces were numbered, it would be very difficult to remember how each piece moves. Instead you have two armies battling, pieces are named, and you can easily remember that the knight moves in an L shape and can jump with his horse over other units.  
    Decide on a *theme* that your game will focus on. A cool *theme* can help you decide on what a *character* looks like and what it can do, as well as what the environment and enemies will be. That also helps the player expect things, for example that a bird will fly or a wheel will roll.  
    For example, a football game would look a bit different from a tennis game, but very different to a game where elephants play football. A cool *theme* can capture the player’s imagination and help you make game decisions.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these questions and answers:
     * What *theme* will the game have?
     * What do the player's *character* and other *objects* look like? (Draw them if you like!)
     * What will the player imagine being while playing the game?

2. ## Story
    Now that you’ve decided the game’s *theme*, it’s time to understand what will happen in the game’s *story*. A game without a *story* might feel dull and pointless, without getting the player invested in playing.
    A *story* can transform a plain game about progressing through levels to an epic *story* about rescuing your eggs from evil pigs. Player’s actions will have an effect on the things, saving the world or winning the gold medal.  
    *Story* also includes other *characters* that might be friendly and helpful or aggressive and disruptive. A *story* might have a good main character, a teammate and an evil villain.
    The *story* also takes place in a *game world*. It can be like our own, or it can be a completely new one of your imagination. You can decide that gravity does not exist, or that elephants eat clouds! A new and interesting *world* can make your game much more fun and engaging.  
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with these questions and answers:
     * What *world* is my game taking place in? What does it look like?
     * What are the rules of that world? What is its geography? What kinds of creatures live there?
     * What is the player’s *story*? How does their game *goal* affect what their *character* is trying to do?
     * What other *characters* are in the game? What do they do? (Draw them if you like!)
