1. ## Start small
    A great game is not one with a hundred different playable *characters* or a thousand levels, but one that has one playable *character* or five levels that are all very *fun*. A game that focuses too much on extra content without being *fun* in the first place can’t keep the player’s interest in order to experience all the content.  
    Before you plan on what you want to add to the game, first identify what your game **can’t do without**. Find the smallest part of the game you can, build it and try it. If it’s not good, you can try to fix the problems. If it is good, then you can start planning on adding more things.   
    > ## Update your plan
    Get out your game plan again and update it with this key answer:
    * What is the game’s *heart*? What does the game **need** and what is just **nice to have**?

2. ## Putting everything together  
    A game has game *objects*, textures, backgrounds, animations, sounds, music, *controls*, *interactions*, rules, physics, menus, hidden *variables* and an ever-shifting game state. It might also have bugs, unintentional interactions, glitches and crashes!  
    It takes a lot of work to create all the required components then assemble them to make a playable game. The best way to do it is to break the whole game into smaller tasks and try to create the **smallest game you can** to start with.  
    A game is not done until it is *playtested* thoroughly. Ask your friends to play your game, ask your mentors to play your game, ask people from school to play your game! Hear them out, understand what they found fun, what worked well and what didn’t, if the game was too short or too long, if they would play again.  
    Don’t stop working on your game until you have had were 5 *playtests* where you decided to change nothing based on the feedback you got.  
    When that happens: **congratulations, your first game is ready!!!**
