1. The Sushi Card generator simplifies the process of creating a nicely formatted set of Sushi Cards by removing the need to know anything about design or to have access to programs like InDesign or even Inkscape. Instead, cards are automatically generated from [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/). This card won't try to teach you Markdown. There are plenty of tutorials available online. It's just going to show you a few bits of special treatment that are used by the Sushi Card template.

2. First, every Sushi Card must be a numbered list. Right now, there's only one template for a Sushi Card (though the [project](https://github.com/CoderDojo/sushi-gen) is open source, so if you want more please add them!) and it assumes an ordered list of steps. The Markdown for this is simple:
    ```HTML
     1. This is the first list item

     2. This is the second list item
    ```
3. The convention is to use *emphasis* to highlight any specific terminology, like a technical term or a short inline code snippet.
    ```HTML
    *This text will be emphasised.* This text will not be.
    ```
4. Headings can be created with *#*s. Since the template already uses level 1 headings, we should only add level 2 headings or lower. The level of the heading is indicated by the number of *#*s.
    ```HTML
    ## Tier 2 heading
    ### Tier 3 heading
    #### Tier 4 heading
    ```
5. To create a callout, or tip, box we have borrowed the blockquote tag, usually combined with a level 3 heading.
    > ### Tip box
    A tip box looks like this!

    And the code for that looks like this:
    ```HTML
    > ### Tip box
    A tip box looks like this!
    ```
6. That's it for now. Everything else works like regular Markdown, though there are many pieces of Markdown that we have not yet added full styling support for (e.g. tables). If you need a specific piece to work, or some other feature, for a Sushi Card series you're working on, please contact me ([philip@coderdojo.org](mailto:philip@coderdojo.org)) to discuss it.
